README.md, before:

# Greedy Chops - Milestone project 2
#### Welcome to Greedy Chops! The aim of the game is to get the lamb chops past Roxy so that Charlie can catch them!
#### The game is simple yet addictive and has been designed in a way that makes user navigation easy and prompts the player to keep playing!

[Live link to website](https://https://bky93.github.io/Greedy-chops-project-2/)

![alt text](assets/images/testing/responsive.png)

# User Stories

## Target Audience

Greedy chops is aimed at a wide demographic in that most ages can play! It's simple layout, bright colours and fun graphics are appealing to all ages.

## User Goals

* As a user, I want to be able to very quickly get a sense of how the game can be navigated

* As a user, I want to be able to very quickly get a sense of the functions of the buttons on the page

* As a user, I want information on how to play the game to be easily available

* As a user, I want to be able to reset the game at any time

* As a user, I want to be able to see my score

* As a user, I want to be able to see an output after every game turn

* As a user, I want to be able to easily access a way of choosing to replay the game, without having to find the reset button

# Design 

## UX and Design
The website has been designed to be simple so that the user can easily navigate the page and eye catching so that the user is drawn to the game when they open the page. The design and graphics aim to appeal to a wide demographic and the ease of playing the game means it can be enjoyed by most ages. The game has been designed so that the next step for the user to take is obvious. This website has also been made responsive for various screen sizes to ensure a consisent and positive user experience.

## Wireframes

### Mobile

![mobile wireframe](assets/images/wireframes/mobile-wireframe.png)

### Desktop

![desktop wireframe](assets/images/wireframes/desktop-wireframe.png)

## Typography

The font chosen for this game is "Sigmar" which is taken from Google fonts. I chose this fotn because I believe it looks playful and is therefore appropriate for a game, it is interesting and should grab the user's attention and it is tasteful.

![Sigmar font](assets/images/wireframes/sigmar-font.png)

## Color scheme

The colour scheme for this website was made by chosing the colour "#ED832D" and then using https://mycolor.space to generate a colour palette:

![Color scheme](assets/images/wireframes/color-scheme.png)

White was also added to this colour palette to brighten the page up as the grey colours suggested sometimes seemed too dull.

# Features

## Favicon

A meat chop/cut of meat favicon was used to fit in with the theme of the game, this was taken from https://favicon.io/emoji-favicons/cut-of-meat/.

![Cut of meat favicon](assets/images/favicon/favicon.png)

## Game title

The game title was chosen as it seemed an appropriate play on words for the concept of the game and is catchy, prompting the user to remember it and draw them back to the site. The typography, colour scheme and size were combined to make the game title striking when the user first looks at the page. This partnered with the font awesome icon used: https://fontawesome.com/icons/bowl-food?f=classic&s=solid shows the user the name and theme of the game.

![Game title](assets/images/features/game-title.png)

## How to play button

The "how to play" button has been put right underneath the game title so that the user can easily access information on how to play the game without scrolling the page. The button colour changes when the user hovers over the button, clarifying to the user the action they need to take and to entice the user to click. The design of the button is fitting with the rest of the game theme and helps the page flow easily. When the user clicks on the how to play button, a modal opens with instructions on how to play the game.

How to play button:

![How to play button](assets/images/features/how-to-play-button.png)

How to play button when the user hovers over it:

![How to play button](assets/images/features/how-to-play-hover.png)

## Reset button
The reset button has been put next to the how to play button, as logically it seems that they would be part of the same groups and right underneath the game title so that the user can easily access it when they want to reset the game. The button colour changes when the user hovers over the button, clarifying to the user the action they need to take and to entice the user to click. The design of the button is fitting with the rest of the game theme and helps the page flow easily. When the user clicks on the reset button, the page reloads causing the game and scores to reset.

Reset button:

![Reset button](assets/images/features/reset-button.png)

Reset button when the user hovers over it:

![Reset button](assets/images/features/reset-button-hover.png)

## How to play modal

The how to play modal has been designed so that it becomes visible when the user clicks on the "how to play" button. The modal has been designed to fit with the ongoing theme of the game and contains an image that fits with the other images in the game to keep the user interested. The instructions have been written so they are clear and concise and straight to the point to ensure the user is confident in how to play them game after reading them. The modal can be closed by either clicking on the x at the top of the modal or clicking outside of the modal.

![How to play modal](assets/images/features/modal.png)

## Scoreboard

The scoreboard has been designed so it visibily fits with the rest of the game but also stands out enough to be prominent to the user. The score is updated with the current score of the game after each turn and is simple to ensure the score is clearly indicated to the user.

![Scoreboard](assets/images/features/score-board.png)

## Game images

The game images have been designed to make the game enjoyable and easily understandable for the user. The graphics used were created on https://www.canva.com and designed to be suitable for all ages. The images have been designed with bright colours to grab the user's attention and keep them engaged in the game.

![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-left-charlie-middle.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-left-charlie-right.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-middle-charlie-left.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-middle-charlie-right.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-right-charlie-left.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-right-charlie-middle.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/roxy-has-chop-roxy-left-charlie-middle.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/roxy-has-chop-roxy-middle-charlie-middle.jpg)

## Game text

The game text sits underneath the main game image, intially as a prompt for the user to click one of the direction buttons to start the game. Once the player has picked a direction and either the user/ Charlie wins a point or Roxy wins a point, the text is updated to reflect this. This has been done with the user in mind to ensure that it is always clear what is happening in the game and will prompt the user to look at the scoreboard.

Game text before the game starts:

![Game text before start](assets/images/features/game-text.png)

Game text if the user/Charlie win a point:

![Game text if the user/Charlie win a point](assets/images/features/game-text-user-scores.png)

Game text if the Roxy wins a point:

![Game text if the Roxy wins a point](assets/images/features/game-text-roxy-scores.png)

## Direction buttons

The game direction buttons allow the user to chose which direction to throw the chop: left, middle, or right. The buttons change colour when the user hovers over them, clarifying to the user the action they need to take and to entice the user to click. The design of the button is fitting with the rest of the game theme and helps the page flow easily.

![Game direction buttons](assets/images/features/game-direction-buttons.png)

## Replay button

The replay button has been created for the user to be able to easily access a way of choosing to replay the game, without having to find the reset button. The bright colour has been chosen to separate it from the rest of the game features.

![Replay button](assets/images/features/replay-button.png)

# Future Implementations

In the future I would like to add some effects to the game such as a confetti effect when the user wins the game, or a meat chop confetti so it looks like it's raining meat chops.

# Accessibility

I have used alt attributes for all images on the website and aria labels. I have also used back up fonts.

# Technologies used

**GitPod**

Gitpod is the IDE used for editing my site and pushing changes.

**GitHub**

I used github for storage of the site

**Git**

Git was used for version control through the Gitpod terminal.

**Python**

Python was used when opening a port 8000 preview when coding in Gitpod.

**HTML5** 

HTML5 forms the foundation of the website’s structure.

**CSS** 

CSS was used to style the elements of the website.

**Javascript**

Javscript was used to make the game functional.

**Font Awesome** 

I used Font Awesome Icons on my website.

**Google Fonts**

The font used on the website is 'Sigmar' from Google fonts.

**Favicon**

The icon next to the page title is from Favicon.

**Canva**
Canva was used to design all game images

**Balsamiq**
Balsamiq was used to create the mobile and desktop wireframes for the site.

## Languages Used

HTML5, CSS, JavaScript

## Libraries and programmes used

GitHub backing up all aspects of the project. Bootstrap was used for across the site for responsiveness, style and layout.

# Testing

## User testing

The game has been tested by a few people close to me, all of who have reported back that they are happy with the functionality and design of the game.

## HTML

Some errors were found the first time I input the html into the official W3C Validator:

![HTML Validator 1](assets/images/testing/html-validator-errors-1-to-3.png)
![HTML Validator 1](assets/images/testing/html-validator-errors-4-to-7.png)

These bugs were fixed and the code was re-input and no errors were found.

## CSS

The CSS for this site was checked with the W3C CSS validation service and no errors were found:

![CSS Validator ](assets/images/testing/css-validation-pass.png)

## JavaScript

The JavaScript for this site was checked with JSHint, initially some warnings and unused variables were flagged but once the issue was fixed and the code was checked, no errors or warnings were shown:

Test 1:

![JSHint test 1 ](assets/images/testing/jshint-test-1.png)

Test 2:

![JSHint test 2 ](assets/images/testing/jshint-test-2.png)

## Performance testing

I tested the performance of the site by using the Lighthouse feature in Chrome's development tools. The test returned a good score and it would be something I would like to get to 100 in future implementations:

![JSHint test 2 ](assets/images/testing/lighthouse-test.png)

## Testing responsiveness on different devices

The site was tested on different device screens by changing the screen size in chrome developer tools and using the mobile simulator extension in Google chrome.

![Pixel view](assets/images/testing/google-pixel-6-pro-view.png)
![Pixel view how to play](assets/images/testing/google-pixel-6-pro-view-how-to-play.png)
![Ipad Mini view](assets/images/testing/ipad-mini-view.png)
![Ipad Mini view how to play](assets/images/testing/ipad-mini-view-how-to-play.png)
![Iphone 12 view](assets/images/testing/iphone-12-pro-view.png)
![Iphone 12 view how to play](assets/images/testing/iphone-12-pro-view-how-to-play.png)
![MacBook Air view](assets/images/testing/macbook-air-view.png)
![MacBook Air view how to play](assets/images/testing/macbook-air-view-how-to-play.png)

## WAVE contrast checker

The site was tested with the WAVE extension in Google Chrome, intially some contrast errors were picked up with the colour of the text on the page and the background colour. The text colour on the page was made a darker colour and the site was tested again with WAVE and no errors were shown.

![Wave extension test](assets/images/testing/wave-extension-test.png)

# Bugs

1. * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Cannot get rid of extra spacing above h1 heading/game title
    * ***Solution Used:*** 
        * Added css atrribute: margin-top: 0;
		![Image of bug 1](assets/images/testing/bug-1.png)
1. * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Images not appearing on button click, only alt showing
    * ***Solution Used:***    
        * corrected image paths that were not complete
		![Image of bug 2](assets/images/testing/bug-2.png)
1. * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Score to direction buttons not showing in screen together, you have to scroll up to see the score
    * ***Solution Used***:
        * reduced padding below game image
1.    * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * error 1 in HTML validator "bad value image for attribute type on element link": "link rel="shortcut icon" href="assets/images/favicon/favicon.png type="image"
		    * ***Solution Used***:
        * updated type to: type="image/icon"
1.    * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Error 2 in HTML validator "Bad value button for attribute type on element a: Subtype missing"
          a type="button" class="how-to-play btn btn-lg" aria-label="How to play" id="how-to-play-btn">How to
		    * ***Solution Used***:
        * Removed type from anchor element and updated aria-label: a class="how-to-play btn btn-lg" aria-label="How to play button" id="how-to-play-btn">How to play a>
        a class="reset-button btn btn-lg" aria-label="Reset button" id="reset-button">Reset/a>. This fixed errors 2-5 shown by the HMTL validator.
1.    * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Error 6 in HTML validator "An img element must have an alt attribute, except under certain conditions. For details, consult guidance on providing text alternatives for images."om line 49, column 7; to line 49, column 63
        img src="assets/images/charlie.jpg" class="charlie-img"> 
		    * ***Solution Used***:
        * Alt attribute added to img	
1.    * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Error 7 in HTML validator "Stray end tag div"
         /div>
		    * ***Solution Used***:
        * Div tag removed	
1.    * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Blue dashes in between social icons in footer
		    * ***Solution Used***:
        * 	
        ![Image of bug 8](assets/images/testing/bug-9.png)

# Credits

I used stack overflow on a daily basis for guidance and problem solving. https://stackoverflow.com/

I used W3 Schools online resources on a daily basis for guidance, especially for the how to play modal: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_modals.asp

I also used various YouTube tutorials to help me understand JavaScript.

I used Bootstrap for certain elements and style.

### Acknowledgments

I would like to acknowledge my mentor Luke for his help and the motivation the mentoring sessions have given me.
I would also like to acknowlege everyone that posts on slack as it has been an incredibly helpful support along the way.

Commit message:

added deployment and how to clone info to readme

README.md, after:

# Greedy Chops - Milestone project 2
#### Welcome to Greedy Chops! The aim of the game is to get the lamb chops past Roxy so that Charlie can catch them!
#### The game is simple yet addictive and has been designed in a way that makes user navigation easy and prompts the player to keep playing!

[Live link to website](https://https://bky93.github.io/Greedy-chops-project-2/)

![alt text](assets/images/testing/responsive.png)

# User Stories

## Target Audience

Greedy chops is aimed at a wide demographic in that most ages can play! It's simple layout, bright colours and fun graphics are appealing to all ages.

## User Goals

* As a user, I want to be able to very quickly get a sense of how the game can be navigated

* As a user, I want to be able to very quickly get a sense of the functions of the buttons on the page

* As a user, I want information on how to play the game to be easily available

* As a user, I want to be able to reset the game at any time

* As a user, I want to be able to see my score

* As a user, I want to be able to see an output after every game turn

* As a user, I want to be able to easily access a way of choosing to replay the game, without having to find the reset button

# Design 

## UX and Design
The website has been designed to be simple so that the user can easily navigate the page and eye catching so that the user is drawn to the game when they open the page. The design and graphics aim to appeal to a wide demographic and the ease of playing the game means it can be enjoyed by most ages. The game has been designed so that the next step for the user to take is obvious. This website has also been made responsive for various screen sizes to ensure a consisent and positive user experience.

## Wireframes

### Mobile

![mobile wireframe](assets/images/wireframes/mobile-wireframe.png)

### Desktop

![desktop wireframe](assets/images/wireframes/desktop-wireframe.png)

## Typography

The font chosen for this game is "Sigmar" which is taken from Google fonts. I chose this fotn because I believe it looks playful and is therefore appropriate for a game, it is interesting and should grab the user's attention and it is tasteful.

![Sigmar font](assets/images/wireframes/sigmar-font.png)

## Color scheme

The colour scheme for this website was made by chosing the colour "#ED832D" and then using https://mycolor.space to generate a colour palette:

![Color scheme](assets/images/wireframes/color-scheme.png)

White was also added to this colour palette to brighten the page up as the grey colours suggested sometimes seemed too dull.

# Features

## Favicon

A meat chop/cut of meat favicon was used to fit in with the theme of the game, this was taken from https://favicon.io/emoji-favicons/cut-of-meat/.

![Cut of meat favicon](assets/images/favicon/favicon.png)

## Game title

The game title was chosen as it seemed an appropriate play on words for the concept of the game and is catchy, prompting the user to remember it and draw them back to the site. The typography, colour scheme and size were combined to make the game title striking when the user first looks at the page. This partnered with the font awesome icon used: https://fontawesome.com/icons/bowl-food?f=classic&s=solid shows the user the name and theme of the game.

![Game title](assets/images/features/game-title.png)

## How to play button

The "how to play" button has been put right underneath the game title so that the user can easily access information on how to play the game without scrolling the page. The button colour changes when the user hovers over the button, clarifying to the user the action they need to take and to entice the user to click. The design of the button is fitting with the rest of the game theme and helps the page flow easily. When the user clicks on the how to play button, a modal opens with instructions on how to play the game.

How to play button:

![How to play button](assets/images/features/how-to-play-button.png)

How to play button when the user hovers over it:

![How to play button](assets/images/features/how-to-play-hover.png)

## Reset button
The reset button has been put next to the how to play button, as logically it seems that they would be part of the same groups and right underneath the game title so that the user can easily access it when they want to reset the game. The button colour changes when the user hovers over the button, clarifying to the user the action they need to take and to entice the user to click. The design of the button is fitting with the rest of the game theme and helps the page flow easily. When the user clicks on the reset button, the page reloads causing the game and scores to reset.

Reset button:

![Reset button](assets/images/features/reset-button.png)

Reset button when the user hovers over it:

![Reset button](assets/images/features/reset-button-hover.png)

## How to play modal

The how to play modal has been designed so that it becomes visible when the user clicks on the "how to play" button. The modal has been designed to fit with the ongoing theme of the game and contains an image that fits with the other images in the game to keep the user interested. The instructions have been written so they are clear and concise and straight to the point to ensure the user is confident in how to play them game after reading them. The modal can be closed by either clicking on the x at the top of the modal or clicking outside of the modal.

![How to play modal](assets/images/features/modal.png)

## Scoreboard

The scoreboard has been designed so it visibily fits with the rest of the game but also stands out enough to be prominent to the user. The score is updated with the current score of the game after each turn and is simple to ensure the score is clearly indicated to the user.

![Scoreboard](assets/images/features/score-board.png)

## Game images

The game images have been designed to make the game enjoyable and easily understandable for the user. The graphics used were created on https://www.canva.com and designed to be suitable for all ages. The images have been designed with bright colours to grab the user's attention and keep them engaged in the game.

![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-left-charlie-middle.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-left-charlie-right.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-middle-charlie-left.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-middle-charlie-right.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-right-charlie-left.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie-has-chop-roxy-right-charlie-middle.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/charlie.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/roxy-has-chop-roxy-left-charlie-middle.jpg)
![Scoreboard](assets/images/roxy-has-chop-roxy-middle-charlie-middle.jpg)

## Game text

The game text sits underneath the main game image, intially as a prompt for the user to click one of the direction buttons to start the game. Once the player has picked a direction and either the user/ Charlie wins a point or Roxy wins a point, the text is updated to reflect this. This has been done with the user in mind to ensure that it is always clear what is happening in the game and will prompt the user to look at the scoreboard.

Game text before the game starts:

![Game text before start](assets/images/features/game-text.png)

Game text if the user/Charlie win a point:

![Game text if the user/Charlie win a point](assets/images/features/game-text-user-scores.png)

Game text if the Roxy wins a point:

![Game text if the Roxy wins a point](assets/images/features/game-text-roxy-scores.png)

## Direction buttons

The game direction buttons allow the user to chose which direction to throw the chop: left, middle, or right. The buttons change colour when the user hovers over them, clarifying to the user the action they need to take and to entice the user to click. The design of the button is fitting with the rest of the game theme and helps the page flow easily.

![Game direction buttons](assets/images/features/game-direction-buttons.png)

## Replay button

The replay button has been created for the user to be able to easily access a way of choosing to replay the game, without having to find the reset button. The bright colour has been chosen to separate it from the rest of the game features.

![Replay button](assets/images/features/replay-button.png)

# Future Implementations

In the future I would like to add some effects to the game such as a confetti effect when the user wins the game, or a meat chop confetti so it looks like it's raining meat chops.

# Accessibility

I have used alt attributes for all images on the website and aria labels. I have also used back up fonts.

# Technologies used

**GitPod**

Gitpod is the IDE used for editing my site and pushing changes.

**GitHub**

I used github for storage of the site

**Git**

Git was used for version control through the Gitpod terminal.

**Python**

Python was used when opening a port 8000 preview when coding in Gitpod.

**HTML5** 

HTML5 forms the foundation of the website’s structure.

**CSS** 

CSS was used to style the elements of the website.

**Javascript**

Javscript was used to make the game functional.

**Font Awesome** 

I used Font Awesome Icons on my website.

**Google Fonts**

The font used on the website is 'Sigmar' from Google fonts.

**Favicon**

The icon next to the page title is from Favicon.

**Canva**
Canva was used to design all game images

**Balsamiq**
Balsamiq was used to create the mobile and desktop wireframes for the site.

## Languages Used

HTML5, CSS, JavaScript

## Libraries and programmes used

GitHub backing up all aspects of the project. Bootstrap was used for across the site for responsiveness, style and layout.


## Deployment

The site was deployed on GitHub pages. 

## Local Deployment
#### How to Clone:

1.  Log into your account on GitHub
2.  Go to the repository of this project [Greedy-chops-project-2](https://github.com/Bky93/Greedy-chops-project-2)
3.  Click on the code button, and copy your preferred clone link.
4.  Open the terminal in your code editor and change the current working directory to the location you want to use for the cloned directory.
5.  Type 'git clone' into the terminal, paste the link you copied in step 3 and press enter.

# Testing

## User testing

The game has been tested by a few people close to me, all of who have reported back that they are happy with the functionality and design of the game.

## HTML

Some errors were found the first time I input the html into the official W3C Validator:

![HTML Validator 1](assets/images/testing/html-validator-errors-1-to-3.png)
![HTML Validator 1](assets/images/testing/html-validator-errors-4-to-7.png)

These bugs were fixed and the code was re-input and no errors were found.

## CSS

The CSS for this site was checked with the W3C CSS validation service and no errors were found:

![CSS Validator ](assets/images/testing/css-validation-pass.png)

## JavaScript

The JavaScript for this site was checked with JSHint, initially some warnings and unused variables were flagged but once the issue was fixed and the code was checked, no errors or warnings were shown:

Test 1:

![JSHint test 1 ](assets/images/testing/jshint-test-1.png)

Test 2:

![JSHint test 2 ](assets/images/testing/jshint-test-2.png)

## Performance testing

I tested the performance of the site by using the Lighthouse feature in Chrome's development tools. The test returned a good score and it would be something I would like to get to 100 in future implementations:

![JSHint test 2 ](assets/images/testing/lighthouse-test.png)

## Testing responsiveness on different devices

The site was tested on different device screens by changing the screen size in chrome developer tools and using the mobile simulator extension in Google chrome.

![Pixel view](assets/images/testing/google-pixel-6-pro-view.png)
![Pixel view how to play](assets/images/testing/google-pixel-6-pro-view-how-to-play.png)
![Ipad Mini view](assets/images/testing/ipad-mini-view.png)
![Ipad Mini view how to play](assets/images/testing/ipad-mini-view-how-to-play.png)
![Iphone 12 view](assets/images/testing/iphone-12-pro-view.png)
![Iphone 12 view how to play](assets/images/testing/iphone-12-pro-view-how-to-play.png)
![MacBook Air view](assets/images/testing/macbook-air-view.png)
![MacBook Air view how to play](assets/images/testing/macbook-air-view-how-to-play.png)

## WAVE contrast checker

The site was tested with the WAVE extension in Google Chrome, intially some contrast errors were picked up with the colour of the text on the page and the background colour. The text colour on the page was made a darker colour and the site was tested again with WAVE and no errors were shown.

![Wave extension test](assets/images/testing/wave-extension-test.png)

# Bugs

1. * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Cannot get rid of extra spacing above h1 heading/game title
    * ***Solution Used:*** 
        * Added css atrribute: margin-top: 0;
		![Image of bug 1](assets/images/testing/bug-1.png)
1. * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Images not appearing on button click, only alt showing
    * ***Solution Used:***    
        * corrected image paths that were not complete
		![Image of bug 2](assets/images/testing/bug-2.png)
1. * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Score to direction buttons not showing in screen together, you have to scroll up to see the score
    * ***Solution Used***:
        * reduced padding below game image
1.    * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * error 1 in HTML validator "bad value image for attribute type on element link": "link rel="shortcut icon" href="assets/images/favicon/favicon.png type="image"
		    * ***Solution Used***:
        * updated type to: type="image/icon"
1.    * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Error 2 in HTML validator "Bad value button for attribute type on element a: Subtype missing"
          a type="button" class="how-to-play btn btn-lg" aria-label="How to play" id="how-to-play-btn">How to
		    * ***Solution Used***:
        * Removed type from anchor element and updated aria-label: a class="how-to-play btn btn-lg" aria-label="How to play button" id="how-to-play-btn">How to play a>
        a class="reset-button btn btn-lg" aria-label="Reset button" id="reset-button">Reset/a>. This fixed errors 2-5 shown by the HMTL validator.
1.    * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Error 6 in HTML validator "An img element must have an alt attribute, except under certain conditions. For details, consult guidance on providing text alternatives for images."om line 49, column 7; to line 49, column 63
        img src="assets/images/charlie.jpg" class="charlie-img"> 
		    * ***Solution Used***:
        * Alt attribute added to img	
1.    * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Error 7 in HTML validator "Stray end tag div"
         /div>
		    * ***Solution Used***:
        * Div tag removed	
1.    * ***Issue Found:*** 
        * Blue dashes in between social icons in footer
		    * ***Solution Used***:
        * 	
        ![Image of bug 8](assets/images/testing/bug-9.png)

# Credits

I used stack overflow on a daily basis for guidance and problem solving. https://stackoverflow.com/

I used W3 Schools online resources on a daily basis for guidance, especially for the how to play modal: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_modals.asp

I also used various YouTube tutorials to help me understand JavaScript.

I used Bootstrap for certain elements and style.

### Acknowledgments

I would like to acknowledge my mentor Luke for his help and the motivation the mentoring sessions have given me.
I would also like to acknowlege everyone that posts on slack as it has been an incredibly helpful support along the way.
